Update vignette titles (#148)
epiverse-trace/epidemics: vignettes/finalsize_comparison.Rmd

---

> title: "Comparing mechanistic and analytical methods for epidemic size estimation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Comparing simulation-based and direct analytical methods for epidemic size estimation"
```

bibliography: references.json
link-citations: true
vignette: >

>   %\VignetteIndexEntry{Comparing mechanistic and analytical methods for epidemic size estimation}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Comparing simulation-based and direct analytical methods for epidemic size estimation}
```
